What is In-Person learning (#1609)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: Articles/WhatIs/WhatIsInPersonLearning.md

### What Is In-Person Learning?

<!--- deck start --->
In-person training provides invaluable opportunities for hands-on experience, direct feedback, and meaningful interaction that might be difficult to replicate in other settings.
<!--- deck end --->

<!--- body start --->
In-person learning entails a training or development program conducted at a physical workplace or training center, where employees attend courses, workshops, or training sessions in person, rather than through online or remote means. This type of training provides employees with hands-on experience, interactive sessions, and face-to-face interaction with trainers and colleagues.

> In-person learning is important in scientific computing because it provides an opportunity for students to interact in a collaborative and engaging learning environment. Scientific computing involves the application of computational methods and tools to solve complex scientific problems, and in-person learning allows students to receive topic-specific instruction, understand pitfalls and receive practical guidance from experts in the field. Motivation and engagement are known to be higher and distraction is known to be lower during in-person learning, rather than online or self-study because it provides a structured, interactive and  a more accountable learning environment. This can lead to better learning outcomes and a deeper understanding of scientific field under study.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-person learning is important in scientific computing because it provides an opportunity for students to interact in a collaborative and engaging learning environment. Scientific computing involves the application of computational methods and tools to solve complex scientific problems, and in-person learning allows students to receive topic-specific instruction, understand pitfalls and receive practical guidance from experts in the field. Motivation and engagement are known to be higher, while distraction is known to be lower during in-person learning, rather than online or self-study because it provides a structured, interactive and  a more accountable learning environment. This can lead to better learning outcomes and a deeper understanding of the scientific field under study.
```

> In-person learning is important in scientific computing because it provides an opportunity for students to interact in a collaborative and engaging learning environment. Scientific computing involves the application of computational methods and tools to solve complex scientific problems, and in-person learning allows students to receive topic-specific instruction, understand pitfalls and receive practical guidance from experts in the field. Motivation and engagement are known to be higher, while distraction is known to be lower during in-person learning, rather than online or self-study because it provides a structured, interactive and  a more accountable learning environment. This can lead to better learning outcomes and a deeper understanding of the scientific field under study.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-person learning is important in scientific computing because it provides an opportunity for students to interact in a collaborative and engaging learning environment. Scientific computing involves the application of computational methods and tools to solve complex scientific problems, and in-person learning allows students to receive topic-specific instruction, understand pitfalls and receive practical guidance from experts in the field. Motivation and engagement are known to be higher, while distraction is known to be lower during in-person learning, rather than  during online or self-study because it provides a structured, interactive and  a more accountable learning environment. This can lead to better learning outcomes and a deeper understanding of the scientific field under study.
```

> In-person learning is important in scientific computing because it provides an opportunity for students to interact in a collaborative and engaging learning environment. Scientific computing involves the application of computational methods and tools to solve complex scientific problems, and in-person learning allows students to receive topic-specific instruction, understand pitfalls and receive practical guidance from experts in the field. Motivation and engagement are known to be higher, while distraction is known to be lower during in-person learning, rather than online or self-study because it provides a structured, interactive and  a more accountable learning environment. This can lead to better learning outcomes and a deeper understanding of the scientific field under study.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-person learning is important in scientific computing because it provides an opportunity for students to interact in a collaborative and engaging learning environment. Scientific computing involves the application of computational methods and tools to solve complex scientific problems, and in-person learning allows students to receive topic-specific instruction, understand pitfalls and receive practical guidance from experts in the field. Motivation and engagement are known to be higher, while distraction is known to be lower during in-person learning, rather than during online or self-study because it provides a structured, interactive and  more accountable learning environment. This can lead to better learning outcomes and a deeper understanding of the scientific field under study.
```

> Engaging with peers in face-to-face collaboration facilitates more profound and personalized conversations and feedback, an integral part of the scientific field that thrives on networking and cooperation among students, software developers, researchers, and scientists. This form of in-person networking fosters meaningful connections and cultivates vital relationships, leading to potential job opportunities, innvoative collaborations, mentorships, and the establishment of mutual trust and respect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Engaging with peers in face-to-face collaboration facilitates more profound and personalized conversations and feedback, an integral part of the scientific field that thrives on networking and cooperation among students, software developers, researchers, and scientists. This form of in-person networking fosters meaningful connections and cultivates vital relationships, leading to potential job opportunities, innovative collaborations, mentorships, and the establishment of mutual trust and respect.
```

> The decision to choose between in-person and other methods like virtual learning ultimately hinges upon the unique needs, preferences, and circumstances of each individual, with some finding a blend of both methods to be effective while others may find one method to be more suitable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision to choose between in-person and other methods like virtual learning ultimately hinges upon the unique needs, preferences, and circumstances of each individual, with some finding a blend of both methods to be effective while others may find one method to be more suitable.
```
```suggestion
The decision to choose between in-person and other methods, like virtual learning, ultimately hinges upon the unique needs, preferences, and circumstances of each individual, with some finding a blend of both methods to be effective while others may find one method to be more suitable.
```

> The decision to choose between in-person and other methods like virtual learning ultimately hinges upon the unique needs, preferences, and circumstances of each individual, with some finding a blend of both methods to be effective while others may find one method to be more suitable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision to choose between in-person and other methods, such as virtual learning, ultimately hinges upon the unique needs, preferences, and circumstances of each individual. Some may find using a blend of both methods to be effective, while others may find one method to be more suitable.
```
